# Introduction

This document explains the setup and usage of the Cypress test runner for this project. Cypress is a modern testing framework for web applications. It provides an easy-to-use interface for developers to write, run and debug automated tests. In this project, we are using Cypress to run both API and UI tests.
Prerequisites

Before getting started, ensure you have the following installed:

    Node.js
    NPM

# Installation

    1. Clone the project repository.

    2. Navigate to the project directory in your terminal.

    3. Run the following command to install the required dependencies:

    4. npm install

# Scripts

The following scripts are available in the project:

__clean:reports__

```
rmdir /S /Q cypress\\reports && mkdir cypress\\reports && mkdir cypress\\reports\\mochareports
```
This script cleans up any existing reports and creates a new directory for the reports.

__pretest__

``` 
npm run clean:reports
 ```

This script is run before running tests and will execute the clean:reports script.

__scripts__

```
cypress run --spec cypress/api/**,--spec cypress/ui/*.js
```

This script runs the Cypress tests, executing the API and UI test files.

__combine-reports__

``` 
mochawesome-merge ./cypress/reports/mocha/*.json > cypress/reports/mochareports/report.json
```

This script merges the Mocha test report files generated during the Cypress test run into a single report file.

__generate-report__

```
marge cypress/reports/mochareports/report.json -f report -o cypress/reports/mochareports
```

This script generates a HTML report from the merged report file generated by the combine-reports script.

__posttest__

```
npm run combine-reports && npm run generate-report
```

This script is run after the tests have finished executing and will execute the combine-reports and generate-report scripts.

__test__

```
npm run scripts || npm run posttest
```

This script runs the scripts script and then runs the posttest script. It will execute the tests and generate a report.

__Usage__

To run the Cypress tests, execute the following command:
```
npm test
```
This will run the tests and generate a report in the cypress/reports/mochareports directory.

# Conclusion

Cypress is a powerful testing framework that makes it easy to write, run and debug automated tests. The scripts provided in this project allow for the easy execution of tests and the generation of detailed reports.